README.md, before:

# TorZon: Your Guide to the Darknet Marketplace

**TorZon Market** is a well-known marketplace on the darknet. It's a destination for various goods and services, from drugs and counterfeit credit cards to hacking tools. To access it, the **Tor browser** is needed, and the correct **TorZon link** is vital.

## Entering TorZon Securely

http://55aarjpxv2vdoavwvroz2lqjcxewohgawsllju2so3nu6zhvb2gkj4id.onion

[<img src="/photos/utility.webp" width="200">](http://55aarjpxv2vdoavwvroz2lqjcxewohgawsllju2so3nu6zhvb2gkj4id.onion)

<a href="http://55aarjpxv2vdoavwvroz2lqjcxewohgawsllju2so3nu6zhvb2gkj4id.onion"><img src="/photos/tooltip.webp" alt="TorZon Tor Site" style="max-width: 100%;"></a>

This platform serves as an educational resource. We do not endorse any illegal actions.

## Key Information for TorZon Users

-   **Use the Tor Browser**: Always use the Tor browser.
-   **Find the Right Link**: This is key.
-   **Be Cautious**: Stay safe.

### Security Tips

*   **Tor Browser is Essential**.
*   **Verify URLs**: Verify links.
*   **Use Strong Credentials**.
*   **Avoid Scams**.

## Why TorZon?

**TorZon** is a notable marketplace.

---

### Disclaimer:

The information provided is solely for educational purposes.

Commit message:

06/26/2025 09-10 Corrected broken links in issue templates

README.md, after:

# TorZon: Your Guide to the Darknet Marketplace

**TorZon Market** is a well-known marketplace on the darknet. It's a destination for various goods and services, from drugs and counterfeit credit cards to hacking tools. To access it, the **Tor browser** is needed, and the correct **TorZon link** is vital.

## Entering TorZon Securely

http://55aarjpxv2vdoavwvroz2lqjcxewohgawsllju2so3nu6zhvb2gkj4id.onion

[<img src="/photos/utility.webp" width="200">](http://55aarjpxv2vdoavwvroz2lqjcxewohgawsllju2so3nu6zhvb2gkj4id.onion)

<a href="http://55aarjpxv2vdoavwvroz2lqjcxewohgawsllju2so3nu6zhvb2gkj4id.onion"><img src="/photos/tooltip.webp" alt="TorZon Tor Site" style="max-width: 100%;"></a>

This platform serves as an educational resource. We do not endorse any illegal actions.

## Key Information for TorZon Users

-   **Use the Tor Browser**: Always use the Tor browser.
-   **Find the Right Link**: This is key.
-   **Be Cautious**: Stay safe.

### Security Tips

*   **Tor Browser is Essential**.
*   **Verify URLs**: Verify links.
*   **Use Strong Credentials**.
*   **Avoid Scams**.

## Why TorZon?

**TorZon** is a notable marketplace.

---

### Disclaimer:

The information provided is solely for educational purposes.

Update:  06/26/2025 09-10 Corrected broken links in issue templates
